Feat: add final rhn.conf (#2137)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/auth-methods-sso-example.adoc

java.sso.onelogin.saml2.idp.x509cert
----

> Here is an example of the final SUSE Manage's rhn.conf:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of [path]``rhn.conf`` on {productname} after enabling SSO:
```
It's a proposal based on the description of this PR.

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me. Thanks Karl. 👍

+
----
java.sso = true

# This is the configuration file for Single Sign-On (SSO) via SAMLv2 protocol
# To enable SSO, set java.sso = true in /etc/rhn/rhn.conf
#
# Mandatory changes: search this file for:
# - YOUR-PRODUCT
# - YOUR-IDP-ENTITY
#
# See product documentation and the comments inline in this file for more
# information about every parameter.
#
#
#
#
# If 'strict' is True, then the Java Toolkit will reject unsigned
# or unencrypted messages if it expects them signed or encrypted
# Also will reject the messages if not strictly follow the SAML
#
# WARNING: In production, this parameter setting parameter MUST be set as "true".
# Otherwise your environment is not secure and will be exposed to attacks.
# Enable debug mode (to print errors)
# Identifier of the SP entity (must be a URI)

> java.sso.onelogin.saml2.sp.entityid = https://suma-long-42-srv.mgr.suse.de/rhn/manager/sso/metadata

Reviewer 2: Should we be using our reference servers in our examples? 

Per the SUSE style guide: Use http://www.example.com/ and http://www.example.org/ as example domains. Both domains were registered for use in documentation.

Reviewer 2: It is admittedly a bit awkward with the identity server. We should probably come up with our own terms for domains and servers names. From a user perspective though, the usecase may not be very clear based on our infra.

java.sso.onelogin.saml2.idp.single_logout_service.url = http://identity-provider.mgr.suse.de:8080/auth/realms/SUMA/protocol/saml

# Public x509 certificate of the IdP
java.sso.onelogin.saml2.idp.x509cert = -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- MIIClzCCAX8CBgGC+tPbVjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsFADAPMQ0wCwYDVQQDDARTVU1BMB4XDTIyMDkwMTIwNTEwNFoXDTMyMDkwMTIwNTI0NFowDzENMAsG
A1UEAwwEU1VNQTCCASIwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEBBQADggEPADCCAQoCggEBAMNSWJAalB5mShTkMBO5mrsOosyheEL8/A37WvuqDPwwEfm4x0cG7gmMHvONxYXZk+LRyzoQl2sBrNFrbMuwu5dnah5ZSMxQyUu697S280m4vIiegGaFdbgH+g4FGBu
eSis1ssMzTcES+NUuI7pLkMLNmSQtncESnoL9q2SyeQSwYtr5dz1ydl6IzjwtaWeyQ9EGJNtJtLk3U4+arLPCpHAwqFAnLO9NeYcRDNUKhNBs1v5mHP+L066PZu1/DkE0mSgy/+qXaS0CgZVKqz8qB+bvHVuAq9W60g1CjqZKbwvPu72p/7+d8z
9DxXPIZ1uxdqn19q/kLEP2TYLtgQobSHECAwEAATANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsFAAOCAQEAga+raLMJDo/P/yN1Z6SGGocK227WFqovBiE/mLYlp5Ff0+0jS1US1plSppJ94xOr8j0m7HW0Wu5xCz6oOhzXTEtnfIbeRyr1Rms3BWdxyXgQ9bWUeZMWZ
HfDkTbhgRRmjDEwSSfEXRKQNvw41CpnlB36I0++ejgGnjDvH7BbkCaoW55JF5j6DT/WYR0n7MkEl2Ova9CH0e9X7Gny8iOAg26oziy06uy3P/lx9Z9RmHnvpvN/Q34SGEq9z/HlQVuP12UPj//iT21Jc17OOZFsZQXlGFTG6bXKmO42W8FdUDJU
ONoXZgjMb3eC7U691YyeowoqTY7mJKxNPprYY/lL0w== -----END CERTIFICATE-----

# Organization

> java.sso.onelogin.saml2.organization.name = Michele Bologna

Reviewer 2: For example users, use free-software mascots, such as Tux (Linux Kernel), Wilber (The GIMP), Geeko (SUSE), Foxkeh (Firefox), Konqi (KDE), or Duke (Java).

I would stay away from using personal names in  our examples.

java.sso.onelogin.saml2.organization.displayname = Michele Bologna
java.sso.onelogin.saml2.organization.url = https://suma-long-42-srv.mgr.suse.de
java.sso.onelogin.saml2.organization.lang = 

# Contacts
java.sso.onelogin.saml2.contacts.technical.given_name = Michele Bologna

> java.sso.onelogin.saml2.contacts.technical.email_address = mb@suse.com

Reviewer 2: I am not sure you want to use your personal email here. :)
